[Applause]
Lille Iowa's dresses like she got her
clothes stolen at the gym so they gave
her what they had in the lost and found
in Midland official looks like they have
a white van with free candy written on
the side it's a black van at chance the
rapper more like chance the worthless
spineless the soulless purposeless
virtuous sellout nice to read us
commercially you pieces there's people
that don't like me what them I'd rather
listen to a barn full of baby pigs being
vaccinated than Luke Bruns new song I
have vaccinated babycakes and that's all
for how crazy are you on a scale of one
to Perry Farrell oh I want to present
Perry Farrell
why does Trey cool from Green Day look
like the emo version of Ted Cruz well
Mike looks like booty
[Applause]
I feel like Leon burgess makes music for
straight white couples to dance to in
their kitchens but only if their
kitchens have granite countertops in
subway tile backsplashes and the teapot
they bought in an art museum gift shop
anyways I still like it even though I'm
gay and poor remember of most excellent
like a chalk that's also a vampire okay
I'll take this as a compliment
it means sexy right yeah what if God is
really John Mayer performing Dave
Matthews covers that that borrow your
dad lights Alice Cooper looked 65 in
1972 how is he still alive two things
that I imagine Liz little has seen a lot
of yeah I'm the big mission I ride a bus
makes music for people who taste the gas
before they fill up their truck that's
pretty that's pretty good I'll give
nothing I just watch a muted performance
of cardi B and that just looks
loud without any sound on right no thank
you
haha how about I'm loud I don't even
think I'm right now what my ass
in party hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I am
not allowed to eat this cookie until you
click the subscribe button so please
click now I'm hungry